README.md, before:

# 👋🏼 What is `learn-web3-dapp`?

We made this decentralized application (dApp) to help developers learn about Web 3 protocols.

It's a Next.js app that uses React, TypeScript and various smart contract languages (mostly Solidity and Rust).

We will guide you through using the various blockchain JavaScript SDKs to interact with their networks. Each protocol is slightly different, but we have attempted to standardize the workflow so that you can quickly get up to speed on networks like Solana, NEAR, Polygon and more!

- ✅ Solana
- ✅ Polygon
- ✅ Avalanche
- ✅ NEAR
- ✅ Tezos
- ✅ Secret
- ✅ Polkadot
- ✅ Celo
- ✅ Ceramic
- ✅ The Graph
- 🔜 Arweave
- 🔜 Chainlink
- 🔜 Pyth
- [Let us know which one you'd like us to cover](https://github.com/figment-networks/learn-web3-dapp/issues)

<img width="1024" alt="Screen Shot 1" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/figment-networks/learn-web3-dapp/main/markdown/__images__/readme-01.png">

<img width="1024" alt="Screen Shot 2" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/figment-networks/learn-web3-dapp/main/markdown/__images__/readme-02.png">

<img width="1024" alt="Screen Shot 3" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/figment-networks/learn-web3-dapp/main/markdown/__images__/readme-03.png">

# 🧑‍💻 Get started

## 🐑 Clone locally

Make sure you have the following software installed:
- [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - We recommend using **v14.17.0**, install it using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).
  - **NOTE**: **v17.x** is currently incompatible with this project.
- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install)

Then clone the repo and run `yarn` in the project directory to install the dependencies:

```text
git clone https://github.com/figment-networks/learn-web3-dapp.git
cd learn-web3-dapp
yarn
```

Start the Next.js development server on the default port 3000 with:

```text
yarn dev
```

If you need to use a different port, specify one with the `--port` flag:

```text
yarn dev --port 3001
```

# 🤝 Feedback and contributing

If you encounter any errors during this process, please join our [Discord](https://figment.io/devchat) for help.

Feel free to also open an Issue or a Pull Request on the repo itself.

We hope you enjoy our Web 3 education dApps 🚀

-- ❤️ The Figment Learn Team

Commit message:

Solana setup update for  gitpod

README.md, after:

# 👋🏼 What is `learn-web3-dapp`?

We made this decentralized application (dApp) to help developers learn about Web 3 protocols.

It's a Next.js app that uses React, TypeScript and various smart contract languages (mostly Solidity and Rust).

We will guide you through using the various blockchain JavaScript SDKs to interact with their networks. Each protocol is slightly different, but we have attempted to standardize the workflow so that you can quickly get up to speed on networks like Solana, NEAR, Polygon and more!

- ✅ Solana
- ✅ Polygon
- ✅ Avalanche
- ✅ NEAR
- ✅ Tezos
- ✅ Secret
- ✅ Polkadot
- ✅ Celo
- ✅ Ceramic
- ✅ The Graph
- 🔜 Arweave
- 🔜 Chainlink
- 🔜 Pyth
- [Let us know which one you'd like us to cover](https://github.com/figment-networks/learn-web3-dapp/issues)

<img width="1024" alt="Screen Shot 1" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/figment-networks/learn-web3-dapp/main/markdown/__images__/readme-01.png">

<img width="1024" alt="Screen Shot 2" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/figment-networks/learn-web3-dapp/main/markdown/__images__/readme-02.png">

<img width="1024" alt="Screen Shot 3" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/figment-networks/learn-web3-dapp/main/markdown/__images__/readme-03.png">

# 🧑‍💻 Get started

## 🤖 Using Gitpod (RECOMMENDED)

Go to [gitpod.io](https://gitpod.io/login) and sign in with your GitHub account.

Now all you need to do is add `https://gitpod.io/#` in front of the repo URL to open a new workspace:

<https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/figment-networks/learn-web3-dapp>. 

You can jump right in to the Pathways with a fully functional code editor, no setup or installation required!

## 🐑 Clone locally

Make sure you have the following software installed:
- [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - We recommend using **v14.17.0**, install it using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).
  - **NOTE**: **v17.x** is currently incompatible with this project.
- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install)

Then clone the repo and run `yarn` in the project directory to install the dependencies:

```text
git clone https://github.com/figment-networks/learn-web3-dapp.git
cd learn-web3-dapp
yarn
```

Start the Next.js development server on the default port 3000 with:

```text
yarn dev
```

If you need to use a different port, specify one with the `--port` flag:

```text
yarn dev --port 3001
```

# 🤝 Feedback and contributing

If you encounter any errors during this process, please join our [Discord](https://figment.io/devchat) for help.

Feel free to also open an Issue or a Pull Request on the repo itself.

We hope you enjoy our Web 3 education dApps 🚀

-- ❤️ The Figment Learn Team
